Full Stack Developer - Sales Velocity
Job Id R146640 Posted Date 07/15/2024
Job associated with 2 categories

    Design Engineering and Product 

Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. 

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!


 

This is a unique opportunity to join a dynamic and influential team within Adobe Digital Media Sales Velocity. We are looking for a full-stack developer to build groundbreaking custom demos, proof of concepts (PoCs), and Hands on Labs that showcase the value of the fast-paced innovations fueled by Firefly Services and GenAI.

The team is responsible for providing expert skills in building innovative re-usable demos, hands-on labs and proof of concepts designed to delight enterprise customers and accelerate sales cycles by achieving the technical win. This team is at the forefront for enabling brands to fundamentally transform how content is produced to deliver hyper-personalized experiences by leveraging the power of generative AI and automation. We encourage our team to be creative, collaborative, and committed to delivering outstanding experiences for our customers.

The Opportunity

With the rapid adoption of generative AI and its transformational potential, the full-stack developer must demonstrate expertise in building scalable and flexible applications using various platforms and frameworks. The full stack developer work on some the most innovative and exciting technologies offered from Adobe while partnering with colleagues at multiple levels to solve customer needs with cutting edge solutions & technologies. Demonstrate an ability for creative problem solving, build for configurability and re-usability is critical.

What you’ll do

    Build services and responsive UIs for demos and PoCs for web and mobile
    Lead projects from design inception through development, QA, testing, and production deployment
    Write and test interactive, clean, secure and efficient solutions
    Maintain existing features by improving and scaling supporting code
    Solve non-trivial coding and architecture problems with simple and innovative solutions
    Implement the newest innovative technologies tools and frameworks (e.g. React, Serverless, Node, etc.)

What you’ll need to succeed

    Bachelors/Master’s degree with a focus in Information Technology / Computer Science or related field
    Expertise in JavaScript / TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Python
    Expertise with modern JS frameworks (React, JQuery, Angular, etc.) and responsive web design.
    Experience building backend components for web applications
    Experience in Git/Github or other version control systems
    Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats.
    Most importantly, an ability and curiosity to solve non-trivial problems and a passion for continuously evolving the implementation with the latest advancements.
    Expertise NodeJS, Sass/Less, Babel, Webpack / Parcel, ES6
    Very comfortable working with cloud-based infrastructure (AWS, Azure, etc.)

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several  U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $108,000 -- $198,500 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.

At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans.  Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).

In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.

Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.

Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.
 

Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015.

Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other’s employees.
