
    Software Engineer, Fullstack
at CLEAR - Corporate (View all jobs)
New York, New York, United States (Hybrid)

Today, CLEAR is well-known as a leader in digital and biometric identification, reducing friction for our members wherever an ID check is needed. We’re looking for an experienced Software Engineer to help us build the next generation of products which will go beyond just ID and enable our members to leverage the power of a networked digital identity. As a Software Engineer at CLEAR, you will participate in the design, implementation, testing, and deployment of applications to build and enhance our platform- one that interconnects dozens of attributes and qualifications while keeping member privacy and security at the core.  

Level and specific team / role matching will happen at the end of our interview process.

A brief highlight of our tech stack:

    Python/ Typescript / React / Postgres 
    AWS cloud 

What You Will Do:

    Advance our capabilities across a wide array of industries and domains and gain hands-on experience with privacy, security, data modeling and architecture 
    Develop and deliver code across the full stack, driving engineering excellence by defining to best practices in testing, documentation and observability
    Partner with product and other stakeholders to uncover requirements, to innovate, and to solve complex problems
    Have a strong sense of ownership, responsible for architectural decision-making and striving for continuous improvement in technology and processes at CLEAR

What You Have:

    3+ years of backend software development experience in Python, Javascript and related technologies (React; Typescript) 
    Working with cloud-based application development, and be fluent in at least a few of: 
        Cloud services providers like AWS
        Containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes
        Collaboration, integration, and deployment tools like Github, Argo, and Jenkins 
    Articulating technical concepts to a mixed audience of technical and non-technical stakeholders
    Collaborating and mentoring less experienced members of the team
    Comfort with ambiguity 
    Curiosity about technology, believe in constant learning, and ability to be autonomous to figure out what's important

How You’ll be Rewarded:

At CLEAR we help YOU move forward - because when you’re at your best, we’re at our best. You’ll work with talented team members who are motivated by our mission of making experiences safer and easier. Our hybrid work environment provides flexibility. In our offices, you’ll enjoy benefits like meals and snacks. We invest in your well-being and learning & development with our stipend and reimbursement programs. 

We offer holistic total rewards, including comprehensive healthcare plans, family building benefits (fertility and adoption/surrogacy support), flexible time off, free OneMedical memberships for you and your dependents, and a 401(k) retirement plan with employer match. The base salary range for this role is $150,000 - $180,000, depending on levels of skills and experience.

The base salary range represents the low and high end of CLEAR’s salary range for this position. Salaries will vary depending on various factors which include, but are not limited to location, education, skills, experience and performance. The range listed is just one component of CLEAR’s total compensation package for employees and other rewards may include annual bonuses, commission, Restricted Stock Units.

About CLEAR

Have you ever had that green-light feeling? When you hit every green light and the day just feels like magic. CLEAR's mission is to create frictionless experiences where every day has that feeling. With more than 25+ million passionate members and hundreds of partners around the world, CLEAR’s identity platform is transforming the way people live, work, and travel. Whether it’s at the airport, stadium, or right on your phone, CLEAR connects you to the things that make you, you - unlocking easier, more secure, and more seamless experiences - making them all feel like magic. 

CLEAR provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities or protected needs. Please let us know if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include, but are not limited to, time off, extra breaks, making a change to the application process or work procedures, policy exceptions, providing documents in an alternative format, live captioning or using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

#LI-Hybrid

