Elastic is a free and open search company that powers enterprise search, observability, and security solutions built on one technology stack that can be deployed anywhere. From finding documents to monitoring infrastructure to hunting for threats, Elastic makes data usable in real-time and at scale. Thousands of organizations worldwide, including Barclays, Cisco, eBay, Fairfax, ING, Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, The Mayo Clinic, NASA, The New York Times, Wikipedia, and Verizon, use Elastic to power mission-critical systems. Founded in 2012, Elastic is a distributed company with Elasticians around the globe. Learn more at elastic.co.

The Control Plane Ingress team develops and maintains services to ensure that traffic from both external and internal services reaches appropriate destinations and enforces access control rules, both on multi-cloud and on-premises environments. Our globally distributed team has a broad scope and a balanced mix of levels, so there is plenty of room to be a mentor, to be mentored, to lead new features, and to advance both technically and professionally.

Our cloud product allows users to build new Elastic Clusters or expand existing ones easily. This product runs on multiple cloud providers and is built on technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, our custom orchestration, and others to enable the Operations Teams to easily build and balance multiple Elastic Clusters. Does this sound like you?

What You Will Be Doing:

    Build and maintain software supporting our cloud offerings and on-prem service networking
    Participate in code reviews for your team and other teams
    Collaborate both within the team and with other Elastic engineering teams when working on cross-team efforts
    Debug production technical issues inside a sophisticated stack involving virtualization, containers, microservices, etc.
    Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes

What You Bring Along:

    Experience with a consistent pattern of delivering high-quality code, and professional experience with Go is required.
    Expertise with networking technologies like DNS, TCP/IP, etc
    Good understanding of network technologies; cloud platform network behavior, load balancing, and host container networking are part of our day-to-day work
    3+ years of experience in the SaaS space
    Scala/JVM based languages experience and/or the ability to develop cloud-native applications for Kubernetes platform is a bonus.
    Ability to communicate well with individuals and groups to accomplish a common set of goals

Compensation for this role is in the form of base salary. This role does not have a variable compensation component.

The typical starting salary range for new hires in this role is listed below. In select locations (including Seattle WA, Los Angeles CA, the San Francisco Bay Area CA, and the New York City Metro Area), an alternate range may apply as specified below.

These ranges represent the lowest to highest salary we reasonably and in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the ranges may be modified in the future.

An employee's position within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs.

Elastic believes that employees should have the opportunity to share in the value that we create together for our shareholders. Therefore, in addition to cash compensation, this role is currently eligible to participate in Elastic's stock program. Our total rewards package also includes a company-matched 401k with dollar-for-dollar matching up to 6% of eligible earnings, along with a range of other benefits offered with a holistic emphasis on employee well-being.

The typical starting salary range for this role is:

$120,000—$160,000 USD

The typical starting salary range for this role in the select locations listed above is:

$120,000—$160,000 USD

Additional Information - We Take Care Of Our People

As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.

We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.

    Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary
    Health coverage for you and your family in many locations
    Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles
    Generous number of vacation days each year
    Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service
    Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love
    Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave

Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.

We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below: Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Poster; Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster and Know Your Rights (Poster)

Please see here for our Privacy Statement.