 Technical Support Engineer

We are looking for a Technical Support Engineer to join our team in our New York office! There are a few things we take really seriously here at monday.com: building an amazing product and providing the best possible service to our customers. 

As a Technical Support Engineer, you will use critical thinking and problem solving skills to manage complex end user support cases. Team members in this role will have expert level knowledge of monday.com and the intricacies of complex workflows, integrations, automations, issue resolution, APIs, reporting tools, and more. You will work closely with our enterprise customers and partner with internal teams to resolve the most complex issues.

Please note that this is a hybrid position of 3 days/week in our NYC office


About The Role:

You will work closely with our enterprise customers and engineers to resolve the most complex issues. You will also help build out systems and processes to manage tasks from report to completion. You will problem solve with our technical teams and work to resolve as much as you can while scaling our systems.

    Perform in-depth troubleshooting and handle the most complex client inquiries via our main support channels 
    Manage and solve assigned cases by providing the best support solution given the client needs
    Investigate the root cause of issues by isolating the problem, searching application logs, and utilizing developer tools (Chrome Dev Tools, monitoring systems, database commands)
    Reference technical documentation and aid in building technical internal knowledge base content where gaps may be present 
    Work closely with business and engineering teams to ensure transparent communication and efficient issue resolution 
    Develop regular reports to understand the health and quality of our platform


Our Team:

The Customer Experience Team is the frontline advocates, cultivating relationships and empowering teams to fulfill their goals and thrive. By being the true experts of the monday.com platform, we are able to provide a unique level of support and inspiration to our users. We are an energetic, empathetic and passionate team that enjoys teamwork, helping others, and taking on new challenges in this fast-paced environment.

Requirements

    2+ years of experience in technical support, technical account management or similar role; B2B and SaaS product is preferable 
    Experience with inspecting and diagnosing web-applications and/or mobile applications
    Strong understanding of and experience with REST APIs and/or GraphQL API
    Knowledge of Single Sign-on including OAuth, SAML, and SCIM
    Ability to reproduce customer issues, perform initial triage and file bugs with Engineering
    Commitment and strong drive to provide delightful customer experiences and the tenacity to drive issues to resolution
    Excellent interpersonal skills and multitasking abilities
    Superb written and verbal communication skills
    Positive attitude, empathy, and high energy
    Ability to take initiative and adapt

What monday.com can offer you:

    Opportunity to join a well-funded, proven company with big ambitions, competitive salary and benefit package, bonus potential, and eligibility to take part in the company equity incentive program
    Amazing company culture that values transparency and collaboration while never forgetting to have fun while we work!
    Monthly stipends for food, wellness, and commuter/remote work
    Fully dedicated learning and development team that provides opportunities for our employees to hone and gain new skills 
    Award winning work environment - named a "Best Place to Work" by BuiltIn as well as "Great Place To Work" certified 
    We foster diversity, inclusion, and belonging through our Employee Resource Groups in addition to providing access to resources and education to support our team, facilitate conversations, and encourage understanding
    A global work environment with employees in Tel Aviv, New York, San Francisco, Miami, Chicago, Denver, London, Kiev, Sydney, São Paulo, and Tokyo

For New York City-based hires only: Compensation Range: $75,000-95,000 base salary, subject to standard withholding and applicable taxes. In addition to base salary, the role includes opportunity to receive and/or earn a discretionary bonus and/or equity based on Company’s plans and in accordance with Company’s policies. Compensation finally awarded to the candidate will be commensurate with the candidate’s skills and experience. Compensation ranges for candidates in locations outside of New York City may differ based on the cost of labor and such additional factors for such other locations.

Visa sponsorship for this role is currently not available.

monday.com is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We hire talented individuals, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, cultural background, religious beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws

#LI-hybrid 